[Workers for Platforms] Fixes, feedback (#13814)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/get-started/configuration.md

# Configure Workers for Platforms

## Prerequisites: 

### Enable Workers for Platforms

Workers for Platforms is available for Enterprise customers only. To enable Workers for Platforms, contact your Cloudflare account team.

### Learn about Workers for Platforms

Refer to [How Workers for Platforms works](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/) to learn more about Workers for Platforms terminology and architecture.

---

> This guide will instruct you on setting up Workers for Platforms. You will configure a [dispatch namespace](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dispatch-namespace), a [dynamic dispatch Worker](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dynamic-dispatch-worker) and a [user Worker](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#user-workers) to test a request end to end. This guide assumes that you already have a Cloudflare account. If you do not have a Cloudflare account, sign up before continuing.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph (line 23) can go just after the **Configure Workers for Platforms** title, as we're telling the user what to expect by reading this guide.

> ### 1. Create a user Worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Create a user Worker
```

Reviewer: We can keep this as H2 (##).

First, create a [user Workers](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#user-workers). User Workers are Workers that your end users (end developers) will be uploading.

User Workers can be created using C3. C3 (create-cloudflare-cli) is a command-line tool designed to help you setup and deploy Workers to Cloudflare as fast as possible.

Open a terminal window and run C3 to create your Worker project. This example creates a user Worker called `customer-worker-1`. 

```sh
$ npm create cloudflare@latest customer-worker-1 -- --type=hello-world
```

When following the interactive prompts, answer the questions as below:

- Select `no` to using TypeScript.
- **Select `no` to deploying your application.**

> ### 2. Create a dispatch namespace 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Create a dispatch namespace 
```

Create a [dispatch namespace](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dispatch-namespace). A dispatch namespace is made up of a collection of [user Workers](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#user-workers). 

This example creates a dispatch namespace called `testing`. To create a dispatch namespace, run:

```sh
$ npx wrangler dispatch-namespace create testing
```

> ### 3. Upload a user Worker to the dispatch namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3. Upload a user Worker to the dispatch namespace
```

Make sure you are in your user Worker's project directory:

```sh
$ cd customer-worker-1
```

To upload and deploy the user Worker to the dispatch namespace, running the following command:

```sh
$ npx wrangler deploy --dispatch-namespace testing
```

> ### 4. Create a dispatch Worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4. Create a dispatch Worker
```

This guide will instruct you on setting up Workers for Platforms. You will configure a [dispatch namespace](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dispatch-namespace), a [dynamic dispatch Worker](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dynamic-dispatch-worker) and a [user Worker](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#user-workers) to test a request end to end. This guide assumes that you already have a Cloudflare account. If you do not have a Cloudflare account, sign up before continuing.

## Prerequisites: 

### Enable Workers for Platforms

Workers for Platforms is available for Enterprise customers only. To enable Workers for Platforms, contact your Cloudflare account team.

### Learn about Workers for Platforms

> Get familar with Workers for Platforms terminology and architecture: [How Workers for Platforms works](cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [How Workers for Platforms Works](cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/) to learn more about Workers for Platforms terminology and architecture.
```

---
export default {
  async fetch(req, env) {
    const worker = env.DISPATCHER.get("customer-worker-1");
    return await worker.fetch(req);
  },
};
```

Deploy your dispatch Worker:

```sh
$ npx wrangler deploy
```

> ### 5. Test a request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 5. Test a request
```
